Added Hyperswitch to Swag List 2025 (#1027)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **Issues**: Find issues in the [goose Hacktoberfest 2025 Project Hub](https://github.com/block/goose/issues/4705).
- **Notes**: [Check out the goose Hacktoberfest 2025 blog post for full details](https://block.github.io/goose/blog/2025/09/26/hacktoberfest-2025/) and the [pinned Hacktoberfest issue](https://github.com/block/goose/issues/4705).

### H

#### Hyperswitch

- **Swag**: T-shirt and Hoodie

> - **Requirements**: Star and fork the [Hyperswitch Repo](https://github.com/juspay/hyperswitch) and contribute to open issues with good first issue and help wanted tags. Valid contributions gets rewarded with :-
>     - 1 merged PR: T-shirt
>     - 3+ merged PRs: T-shirt and Hoodie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Requirements**: 
		- Contribute to open issues with good first issue and help wanted tags. 
    - 1 merged PR: T-shirt
    - 3+ merged PRs: T-shirt and Hoodie
```

- **How to sign up**: No known signup method.
- **Issues**: Find issues in the [Hyperswitch GitHub Repository](https://github.com/juspay/hyperswitch/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20hacktoberfest%20label%3Ahacktoberfest)

> - **Notes**: Check out the [Hyperswitch Hacktoberfest 2025 page for full details](https://hyperswitch.io/hacktoberfest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Notes**: Check out the [announcement page](https://hyperswitch.io/hacktoberfest) for more details.
```
